Question: How can you turn your NLP chatbots or products into Cognitive (Something which can sense the feelings) Products. Describe the process in detail. Take 
one Product like chatbots/Phone-bot(bot over a call)

Solution: As we know that the chatbots are the future. It is easy to build a chatbot because we have so many platforms to build chatbots these days. With the help 
of cognitive computing we can convert our chatbot to a cognitive product. As we know Cognitive computing is emerging as a primary technological mode and its main 
staging ground is chatbots. Machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data analysis are the future of chatbot development which will provide a conversational,
engaging front end chatbot experience. Retail and e-commerce, healthcare and insurance are the three areas where chatbots are behaving cognitively. Building a 
cognitive chatbots is easy using Microsoft Azure and Cognitive Services. Below is the process that can be used to build a cognitive chatbots.

1. In first step go to Azure Portal and create a resource -> AI + Cognitive Services -> Web App Bot

2. In the second step in the Web App Bot enter all the fields that are mandatory i.e. Bot name, resource group, etc. After that click on 'Bot template' and 
then choose a template that you want for your Bot then hit 'select' and 'create'.

3. Meanwhile the bot is deploying go to new tab and log in to QnA Maker sign in with Microsoft account if required where we will be going to create a data 
knowledge source for the chatbot we are building. First create a QnA Cognitive Service in QnA maker. Then create a knowledge base -> AI + Create QnA service.

4. After that to set up the service we will be redirected to the Azure portal. Fill in the mandatory fields and then hit 'create'.

5. Then the service will start deploying the chatbot when it is done refresh the QnA Maker page after that you should be able to select the appropriate Active 
Directory ID, subscription, QnA service you just setup and then name your Knowledge Base as below.

6. Now scroll to the steps 4 and 5 to give your QnA Service an FAQ site you want to crawl for the question and answer pairs.

7. After some time the knowledge-base will be created and after that we will publish it.

8. Once  you see the review screen hit publish button again. It will take some time for the knowledge-base to get published.

9. Now we have our knowledge-base published now we will need our bot visible as a channel. For that we will need three values they are QnAKnowledgebaseId, 
QnAEndpointHostName and QnAAuthKey which will be available on the screen once the knowledge-base is published.

10. Meanwhile our web app chatbot has probably been deployed. Now from notifications hit 'Go to resource' for the web app chatbot we created in the first step.

11. Now go to 'All App services settings' -> Application settings. Now scroll to the bottom of the application settings where you will see fields for 
QnAKnowledgebaseId, QnAEndpointHostName and QnAAuthKey. After that enter the corresponding keys from the other QnA Maker window.

12. After that save whatever we have done. Now click on 'Channels' in the blade of the resource and then press 'Get bot embed codes'.

13. Now open the Web-Chat configuration page. In that configuration page click on 'show' to reveal one of the secret keys.

14. Now copy the contents of the 'embed code' text box to somewhere else and then replace 'YOUR_SECRET_HERE' with a secret key.

In this way we can build a cognitive chatbot with the help of Microsoft Azure and Cognitive Services.
